Chapter 1
Chapter 6 It was difficult to leave the bright lights and comfort of his old home behind, but Jimmy had agreed to move down to the lower farms. The kids were comfortable there. They quickly resumed their work among the grow-plots, and it was closer to the last of the dwindling floods.

Jimmy descended slick steps, spotted with fresh rust, and listened to the plopping tune of water hitting puddle and steel. Many of the green emergency lights had been drowned by the floods. Even those that worked held murky bubbles of trapped water. Jimmy thought about the fish that used to swim in what was now open air.

A few had been found swimming around as the water retreated, even though he'd long ago thought he'd caught them all. Trapped in shallowing pools, they'd proved too easy to catch. He had taught Elise how, but she had trouble getting them off the hook. She was forever dropping the slingshot.

He'd thrown slimy creatures back into the water. Jimmy jokingly accused her of doing it on purpose, and Elise admitted she liked catching them more than eating them. He had let her catch the last few fish, over and over, until he felt too sorry for the poor things to allow it to go on.

Rickson and Hannah and the twins had been happy to put these desperate survivors out of their misery, and into their bellies. Jimmy glanced up beyond the rail overhead, picturing his bobber out there in the middle of the air. He imagined Shadow peering down and batting his paw at him,

as if Jimmy were now the fish, trapped underwater. He tried to blow bubbles, but nothing came out, just the tickle of his whiskers against his nose. Further down, a puddle gathered where the stairs bottomed out. The floor was flat here, wasn't sloped to drain.

The floods were never meant to get so high. Jimmy flicked on his torch, and the beam cut through the dismal darkness deep inside Mechanical. An electrical wire snaked through the open passageway, and draped across a security station. A tangle of hose traced along beside it,

before doubling back on itself. The cable and the hose knew the way to the pumps. They had been left behind, by Juliet. Jimmy followed their trail. His first time to the bottom of the stairs, he had found the plastic dome of her helmet. It was among a raft of trash and debris and sludge,

all the foulness, left over once the water was gone. He had tried to clean it up as much as he could, had found his small metal washers, the ones that anchored his old paper parachutes, like silver coins among the detritus. Much of the garbage from the floods remained.

The only thing he had saved from it all was the plastic dome of her helmet. The wire and hose turned down a flight of square steps. Jimmy followed them, careful not to trip. Water fell occasionally from the pipes and wires overhead, and smacked him on the shoulder and head.

The drops twinkled in the beam of his flashlight. Everything else was dark. He tried to imagine being down there, when the place was full of water. And couldn't. It was scary enough while dry. A smack of water right on the crown of his head, and then a tickle as the rivulet raced into his beard.

He was dead. He was almost dry, I meant. Jimmy said, talking to the ceiling. He reached the bottom of the steps. It was only the wire now, guiding him along, and tricky to see. He splashed through a thin film of water as he headed down the hall. Juliet said it was important to be there when the pump got done.

Someone would have to be around to turn it on and off. Water would continue seeping in, and so the pump needed to do its job. But it was bad for the thing to run dry. Something called an impeller would burn, she had told him. Jimmy found the pump. It was rattling unhappily.

A large pipe bent over the lip of a well. Juliet had told him to be careful not to fall in. And there was a sucking, gurgling sound from its depths. Jimmy aimed the flashlight down and saw that the shaft was nearly empty, just a foot or so of water thrown into turbulence by the fruitless pull of the great pipe.

He pulled his cutter's end. He pulled the wire out of its breast pocket and fished the wire out of the thin layer of water. The pump growled angrily, metal clanging on metal, the smell of hot electrics in the air, steam rising from the cylindrical housing that provided the power.

Teasing apart the two joint wires, Jimmy severed one of them with his cutters. The pump continued to run for a breath, but slowly wound itself down. Juliet had told him what to do. He stripped the cut wire back and twisted the ends. When the basin fell, he could not see.

When the basin was filled again, Jimmy would have to short out the starter switch by hand, just as she had done all those weeks ago. He and the kids could take turns. They would live above the levels ruined by the floods, tend the wilds, and keep the silo dry until Juliet came for them.